---
title: Healthcare
permalink: /overview-of-sira/sectoral-legislation/healthcare/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4><strong>Healthcare</strong></h4><p></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>S/N</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Summary of applicable legislation with ownership or control requirements</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Point of Contact for more information</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Healthcare Services Act 2020</p><p></p><p>The Healthcare Services Act was enacted in 2020 to replace the Private Hospital and Medical Clinics Act (PHMCA) in a move towards a services-based and premises-neutral approach to the regulation of Singapore’s healthcare system. The main objectives are to better safeguard patient safety and welfare, and to provide greater regulatory clarity for licensees, while enabling the development of new and innovative healthcare services in the changing healthcare environment. The details of the Act and the list of licensable healthcare services is published in the Government Gazette at (insert link).</p><p></p><p>Key ownership and control provisions include controls for both the licensee and key office holders.</p><p></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Licensees must apply for a license to provide a licensable healthcare service, including the modes of service deliveries intended and/or any specified services, and pay for the licensing fee. A set of license conditions may be separately imposed, in addition to the general, advertising and service-specific regulations they have to comply with. Any modifications of the license or cessation of the services must be notified to the Ministry of Health (MOH) within prescribed time. MOH may take regulatory actions against the licensees for contravening any requirements imposed under the Act.</p></li></ul><p></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Licensee must notify MOH on the appointment and/or subsequent changes to the roles of Key Office Holders, including Key Appointment Holders, Principal Officers and Clinical Governance Officers (where appropriate). Such appointed personnel may be removed if they have been deemed unsuitable to act in that capacity in relation to the licensee or have not complied with any requirements imposed under the Act.</p></li></ul></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Agency in charge: Ministry of Health (MOH)</p><p></p><p>Email address: <a href="mailto:HCSA_enquiries@moh.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">HCSA_enquiries@moh.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p>Website: <a href="https://www.moh.gov.sg/hcsa/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.moh.gov.sg/hsca/</a></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>