---
title: Public Utilities
permalink: /overview-of-sira/sectoral-legislation/publicutilities/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4><strong>Public Utilities</strong></h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>S/N</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Summary of applicable legislation with ownership or control requirements</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Point of Contact for more information</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Electricity and Gas Act 2001</p><p></p><p>The Electricity and Gas Act (collectively “Acts”) creates a competitive market framework for the electricity industry and gas industry respectively. The Acts also make provision for the safety, technical and economic regulation of (i) the generation, transmission, supply and use of electricity, (ii) the transportation and retail of gas, and (iii) other matters connected therewith.</p><p></p><p>Notification or approval obligations for specified changes in ownership and control of designated licensees and the acquisition as a going concern (parts of) the designated licensee’s business or undertaking, will be imposed on buyers and the designated licensees. Designated licensees will also be required to seek approval for the appointment of key officers.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Agency in charge: Energy Market Authority (EMA)</p><p></p><p>Email address: <a href="mailto:ema_enquiry@ema.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ema_enquiry@ema.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p>Website: <a href="http://www.ema.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.ema.gov.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Public Utilities Act</p><p></p><p>The Public Utilities Act sets out the key functions, duties, and powers of the Public Utilities Board (PUB). PUB, as the national water agency, manages Singapore’s water supply, water catchment, and used water in an integrated way. Part4A of the Act imposes legislative controls on designated parties (entities, business trusts, or trusts) that are critical to water security. The designated parties are published in the Government Gazette. You can search for the “Public Utilities Act - Designated Entities” and “Public Utilities Act - Designated Trusts” Gazettes for the list of designated parties under the Public Utilities Act at link of e-gazette.</p><p></p><p>Notification or approval obligations for specified changes in ownership and control of designated parties (entities, business trusts or trusts) and the acquisition as a going concern (parts of) the designated party’s business or undertaking, will be imposed on buyers of the designated parties.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Agency in charge: Public Utilities Board (PUB)</p><p></p><p>Email address: <a href="mailto:pub_one@pub.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">pub_one@pub.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p>Website: <a href="http://www.pub.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.pub.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p>Link to legislation: <a href="http://sso.agc.gov.sg/act/pua2001" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">sso.agc.gov.sg/act/pua2001</a></p><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>