---
title: Significant Investments Review Act
permalink: /sira/
description: Description of SIRA
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>What is the Significant Investments Review Act?</strong></h3><p>The Significant Investments Review Act (SIRA) is an Act to protect the national security interests of Singapore by regulating significant investments in, and control of, critical entities. The Act sets out an investment management regime, which applies to both local and foreign investors, thereby providing a level playing field for all investors. SIRA complements existing sectoral legislation by regulating entities which are not adequately covered under these legislation.</p><p>You may access the Significant Investments Review Act 2023 <a href="https://www.parliament.gov.sg/docs/default-source/default-document-library/significant-investments-review-bill-38-2023.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>.</p><p>Click to access the following via Singapore Statutes Online:</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://sso.agc.gov.sg/Act/POFMA2019?TransactionDate=20191001235959" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SIRA</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://sso.agc.gov.sg//Act/POFMA2019" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SIRA Regulations</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL/SCJA1969-S665-2019?DocDate=20220318" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SIRA Rules of Court</a></p></li></ol><h4><strong>Key Features of SIRA</strong></h4><p>Under SIRA, entities which are incorporated, formed, or established in Singapore; carry out activities in Singapore; or provide goods and services to persons in Singapore can be designated. Only entities that are critical to Singapore’s national security interests will be designated under this regime (“designated entities”) and will be regulated. The designated entities are published in the Government Gazette. You can search the Government Gazette <a href="https://www.egazette.com.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>. A list of the entities designated under SIRA can also be found <a href="https://osir.gov.sg/designated/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>.</p><p><strong>Provisions on Designated Entities</strong></p><p>Designated entities will have the following ownership and control requirements:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Notification of approval obligations for specified changes in ownership and control of designated entities will be imposed on buyers, sellers and the designated entities.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Remedial directions may be issued under certain circumstances.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Designated entities will be required to seek approval for the appointment of key officers such as the chief executive officer, directors, and the chairperson of the board. Such officers may be removed if they have been appointed without approval or if conditions of approval are breached. The Minister may also remove key officers in the interest of national security.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Designated entities will also be subject to other provisions to ensure the security and reliability of their critical functions. For example, designated entities cannot be voluntarily wound up or dissolved without the Minister's consent. Should national security issues arise or should the delivery of essential services be disrupted, orders can be given to direct the assumption of control of the designated entities' affairs, business, and property, to ensure their continuity.</p></li></ul><p></p><p>Entities which have acted against Singapore’s national security interests may also have their transactions reviewed under certain circumstances, even if they have not been designated.</p><h4><strong>Designated Entities</strong></h4><p></p><p>Click to access the following via Singapore Statutes Online:</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://sso.agc.gov.sg/Act/POFMA2019?TransactionDate=20191001235959" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SIRA</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://sso.agc.gov.sg//Act/POFMA2019" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SIRA Regulations</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL/SCJA1969-S665-2019?DocDate=20220318" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SIRA Rules of Court</a></p></li></ol><p></p>